Remove Verified Adapter Program (#4874)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/trusted-adapters.md

hide_table_of_contents: true
---

> Trusted adapters take part in the Trusted Adapter Program, including a commitment to meet the program's requirements. They are maintained by dbt Labs, partners, and community members. Trusted adapters in dbt Cloud undergo an additional rigorous process that covers development, documentation, user experience, and maintenance requirements. We strongly recommend using them in production environments. For further details, refer to [What it means to be trusted](/guides/adapter-creation?step=8#what-it-means-to-be-trusted).

Reviewer: leaning into the section title here instead of the guide title for the link. lemme know what you think!

hide_table_of_contents: true
---

> Trusted adapters are adapters that we feel comfortable recommending to users for use in production. They are maintained by dbt Labs, partners, and community members. For all adapters in dbt Cloud, they have gone through an additional rigorous process that cover development, documentation, user experience, and maintenance requirements.

Reviewer 2: Same here as above. The language could be viewed as a slight towards community adapters. Maybe something like this:

```suggestion
Trusted adapters have undergone a rigorous vetting process to ensure a level of function and stability that makes them easy to recommend in any production environment. They are maintained by dbt Labs, partners, and community members. All adapters in dbt Cloud have gone through the trusted adapter process that covers development, documentation, user experience, and maintenance requirements.
```

Author: See above - trusted adapters are opt-in but trusted adapters in dbt Cloud are actually vetted by dbt Cloud

Reviewer: per feedback and convo, drafted something for this paragraph. lemme know what you think!

import AdaptersTrusted from '/snippets/_adapters-trusted.md';

<AdaptersTrusted />

> 

Reviewer 2: The spacing here in the preview is a little wonky. It would be easy to miss the break
<img width="946" alt="Screenshot 2024-02-12 at 12 01 55 PM" src="https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/assets/60105315/ca041b2b-ae23-4bef-8037-f5a3f19483b9">

Author: Yeah I broke this but the plan was to move this to the guides like layout so I didn't fix it 😓

Reviewer: good flag and good call, y'all :D 

this is fixed with my last commit.

<MSCallout />

Here are the verified data platforms that connect to dbt and its latest version.

> import AdaptersVerified from '/snippets/_adapters-verified.md';

Reviewer 2: This snippet still uses the verified language in the Azure block. Should we change that here?
<img width="546" alt="Screenshot 2024-02-12 at 11 48 03 AM" src="https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/assets/60105315/fcc22dab-e818-44e7-b9bb-5293537b4a62">

Author: How does one remove this?

Reviewer: thanks for flagging! it's now removed
